 	Paper Reviews 	
""
Paper Title: Towards Rule-based Semantics for the Internet of Things
Paper #: 83 		
Paper Selection State: Short Paper (20 minutes oral presentation) 		
My Status: Author 		
Number of Reviews: 2
""

	Review #: 1	
""
Criterium	Description	Value
Abstract and Introduction are adequate?	 	Yes
Conclusions/Future Work are convincing?	 	Yes
Figures are adequate ?	in number and quality	No
Improve critical discussion ?	validation	Yes
Improve English?	 	No
Needs comparative evaluation?	 	Yes
Needs more experimental results?	 	Yes
Originality	Newness of the ideas expressed	3
Overall Rating	Weighted value of above items	4
Paper formatting needs adjustment?	 	No
Presentation	Structure/Length/English	5
References are up-to-date and appropriate?	 	Yes
Relevance	Paper fits one or more of the topic areas?	5
Significance	Is the problem worth the given attention?	5
Technical Quality	Theoretical soundness/methodology	3
Scale: 1:Lowest Value;6:Highest Value

Observations for Author

This paper addresses an important issue for future internet of things
applications and architecture. The main aim is to propose a prototype
Domain specific language called IoTDsL designed to capture IoT devices
capabilities and their deployment configurations, while offering end users
a declarative way to express how these devices interact to realize their
own specific scenarios. Smart home scenarios are illustrated.The ideas and
the approach seem interesting and relevant to the theme of the conference.
In general, there are a lot of points in the paper. The paper is clearly
presented and structured, and is easy to read.


""
	Review #: 2	
""
Criterium	Description	Value
Abstract and Introduction are adequate?	 	Yes
Conclusions/Future Work are convincing?	 	Yes
Figures are adequate ?	in number and quality	Yes
Improve critical discussion ?	validation	Yes
Improve English?	 	No
Needs comparative evaluation?	 	No
Needs more experimental results?	 	No
Originality	Newness of the ideas expressed	3
Overall Rating	Weighted value of above items	4
Paper formatting needs adjustment?	 	No
Presentation	Structure/Length/English	4
References are up-to-date and appropriate?	 	Yes
Relevance	Paper fits one or more of the topic areas?	5
Significance	Is the problem worth the given attention?	5
Technical Quality	Theoretical soundness/methodology	4
Scale: 1:Lowest Value;6:Highest Value

Observations for Author

The paper introduces IoTDSL, which is a domain-specific language developed
by the authors to represent some aspects of IoT-based systems. The paper is
generally well-written and the topic of the paper is highly relevant.
IoTDSL is in its early stages of development and needs to be properly
validated, since being able to represent relatively simple domotics
scenarios is not enough as evidence for the suitability and soundness of
the language. Furthermore it is unclear which kind of implementation code
should be generated from these models and how complex the transformations
should be in order to generate this code. In addition, many languages can
be found in the literature with similar characteristics and purpose.
However I think that the requirements and the modelling choices taken up by
the authors are interesting enough, and will be able to stir up interesting
discussions. I think that this paper is thus acceptable as a position
paper. I find the title of this paper misleading. Although the proposed DSL
surely has a semantics (as any language), the authors have discussed this
semantics quite intuitively, and concentrated on the requirements and
components of the languages, with some simple illustrative examples.
’Towards a DSL for IoT ...’ would have been as much less misleading title.
I would also appreciate if the authors discussed how the 'business rules'
part relates to languages based on Event-Condition-Action (ECA) rules. In
an ECA rule, an event triggers an action under a condition, which can be
any boolean condition, including negative ones (e.g., something that did
not happen before). The inability to represent non-occurrences was
mentioned as one the limitations of IoTDSL, and it could be (partly)
covered in this way. Some small typos: Page 1: possibility to benefits ->
possibility to benefit Page 7: detects the occurence -> detects the
occurrence


